This is the Product Analytics PM UX Weekly Stink. Looking at the agenda, it doesn't look like we have any sticky items to review. And last week, we didn't have any call-out action items between Kevin and myself. So jumping into Kevin, you have the first discussion point. Yeah, as I'm going to be out for a bit, I just want us to kind of discuss the direction for the customized layout issue. So essentially, I worked a bit on some first-round designs. I think the bulk of it is, I mean, the direction is set because we had a few back and forth in the issue already. But yeah. I think the bulk of it is, I mean, the direction is set because we had a few back and forth in the issue already. But yeah, what I would like us to kind of, not necessarily in this meeting, but at least, you know, in the next few days slash weeks, maybe a bit less than weeks. But kind of define like what direction we want to pursue. It seems like ideally, at least what I proposed was that we decoupled the customization option from the current edit option. So like. For context, when you are editing a dashboard currently, you have the option to view the codes or cancel your edits. And while you're in this edit state, you can also reorder and resize panels. And this issue is about kind of adding some visual indicator that you can also rearrange and resize panels. And this issue is about kind of adding some visual indicator that you can also rearrange and resize panels. So my approach here was to kind of take a step back. And I thought that we could actually make these two separate things. So like editing the content of your dashboard. So be that the charts or any type of data that you want to add. In my opinion, for now, it would be kind of separated from actually being able to customize the layout. So I would say like content. And cosmetic should be two different things. Um, that's, that's my overall idea. So I worked on some, uh, great design on what that could look like, uh, moving the customization out. Thank you, James. Sorry. Let's focus on talking. Um, but yeah, so basically the, it reads from top to bottom. Um, I expanded a bit on the different changes, uh, in the threads, but the gist is that we would pull the. Customization out of edits and make it very visible in this sub menu that you see on the very first frame. Yeah. Here. Uh, and then when you click on the customized layouts, you, uh, then trigger this kind of customized mode, which is the second frame right below. Um, and yeah, and then what you could see here, if you maybe can zoom in a bit, James, um, is that there are two. At least three main changes. Um, the first one is that we would kind of update the cursor when you're hovering on a, uh, panel. Um, so right now the cursor is no longer with this changes. It would be kind of grab. Um, I think it's yeah. Grab, uh, to show you that you can actually reorder some of these. And then the second thing is that we, the resize icon. Currently is on the, uh, available on over. So the idea here would be to have it. Uh, permanent when you're in this customized mode, as opposed to hover currently. And then the third changes would be to add a toast on the bottom left. Uh, so here is like the eighties to kind of call out that you can drag or resize your panel, uh, to rearrange your layouts, but also give people the ability to kind of save changes or to kind of cancel them, uh, clicking on the X of the toast. Um, so then once you click on set. Changes, you can kind of save whatever, uh, layout changes you did to your dashboard. So that's, that's the gist of it. Um, where I think it's probably worthy of us to discuss, uh, technical, uh, implementation is about kind of moving the customization functionalities from where they are currently, which is in the edit mode. So when you click on edit, yeah, this edit. Button. Um, you have access to it. So my idea would be to kind of move them out of that. And I'm wondering how much work this is. So this is something that we could discuss with the engineering team. Uh, and then depending on that, we could kind of decide how we want to chunk this out. Yeah. So I, uh, maybe I missed him beginning, like what is the advantage of separating out the cosmetic from the content in terms of editing functionality? Cause now we. Uh, yeah. We'll effectively have two edit modes. Uh, right. Yeah. Cause I think what we want to do with the edit mode is gonna be much more than what we can do now. And I'm afraid that kind of correlating both is gonna be really tricky to handle in the future in terms of UI. And one thing that I kind of check out was how others, so there's a whole thread on, um, not, not necessarily competitors, but like how other, uh, product do it. So I think that's a really good thing. And what you'd see is like usually editing the content and visually editing a grid or a dashboard is separate. And I think if we can separate this, it's probably easier for people to kind of see, you know, like, uh, I just wanted content. I just want to edit visual. So that's, that's the idea. Yeah, I can, I can see that perhaps, I guess, because so currently how it works and we're still working on getting this stuff merged in, but like, as you've seen from demos from Tim and others. But like, uh, the dashboard and visualization editing experience kind of bundles that all together. Right. So you can add new panel with existing visualizations or new ones and then customize the parameters of that. And then, you know, visual like, uh, organize and arrange and resize the panels as you see fit kind of all in one place. So I can imagine it's complicated, but it's also convenient. So I'm just kind of, I guess maybe it's the lack of clarity on like, what does the experience look like? When we have both content and cosmetic editing experience as separate. But, uh, yeah, it would be, yeah, we would need to know how that flow looks like in like the dashboard and visualization designers, uh, to be able to actually assess like how to, how much work that would be to pull it out. Um, so where you mean visualization designer, you mean like the place where you create your charts? Yeah. So right now you can like, you know, add, um, so for like the dashboard designer, for example, uh, but you can, yeah, the visualization designer maybe doesn't make as much sense because that's where you're just defining the parameters of like the data to query upon. But I guess I'm just trying to understand, like, from a user perspective, if it's like, I find it, I guess it's. I'm just, that's maybe a subjective opinion of like, is it more convenient to be able to add panels and resize them in one experience? Or do I have to add them first and then click edit layout to then go into a different edit experience? Which is definitely what we want to avoid. I think for now, the problem to solve was that when you click edit, it's not super intuitive what you can do. So maybe combining or taking the treatment of when you click edit, you always see the resize, which you don't get today and you get the different. Um, get the grabby hand, uh, to rearrange things. Like let's take that part of it so that when you click the edit button, those things happen and then leave the rep. We're go to still an edit only or read only rather. So, um, cause yeah, and then we'll get more feedback as visual visualization designer rules out and people are actually using the dashboards, even if that's internal dogfooding. As we get more people creating dashboards, they're going to give us that feedback of it's not intuitive. How I need to edit or add more, read these things. Um, just to give us a little bit more space to merge them together instead of creating a different experience now that we have to tear apart. Yeah. Cause instead of, cause I understood the issue, like James, you mentioned of like just signaling to the user that they're in a more pronounced edit mode. So they actually know that they're able to do stuff. Um, but now we're introducing like a second edit mode almost. Um, so I feel like that's a little bit confusing. So if we take, are we okay with, let's take. The treatment of hover gives you the different pointer and always show the resize after you click edit. Um, but we'll leave the edit button is the thing that does that action as opposed to creating a new dropdown that doesn't. Yeah. So, I mean, the job done is probably something that we're going to introduce through the instrumentation details. So that would already be taken care of, but that's not the bulkiest part of it. So yeah, for me, it sounds good to start with like a smaller iteration, just kind of fixing the. Yeah. For it. It's of resizing when you're in edit mode and then yeah, as we go through user research, um, kind of have a bit more inputs on how we should structure this edit mode overall. Kevin, can you, um, leave comments on the design to reflect that and I'll update the proposal in the issue? So the path forward is like, get it, cool, get the new treatment. Um, but we're not going to do the change layout. part of things. Cool. Since we have a couple extra minutes, I also wanted to talk through the other issue that was in your coverage issue, Kevin. Let's determine where to put the instrumentation detail. I think we settled on a solution for that. We're going to put it into the settings general for this. We have an issue for that already in 16.0. I think the design just moved over to that new issue. Now that we're set on this, the design is ready. I generated some specs. It's linked to the issue. I think we're good to go. Copy was reviewed as well. We're good. Awesome. We're going to write a review on the text just to be sure, but I think it's already all been reviewed. It's just we're moving it around. Dennis, during planning, can we sort out the issue where we're determining is blocked by two issues that aren't scheduled? Let's get those sorted out. Which issues? I'll share my screen. I created a bunch of new issues, so they might not be slotted in yet. We have this issue, which is just figure out where to put this stuff in 15.0. It's blocked by two issues that are in the backlog. And then this in turn, block slash is related to the implementation issue of let's add that instrumentation data into the general settings. Yeah, I think that's backwards in terms of dependency linking. I think once we know where to put the configuration screen, we can actually place it somewhere. So it might be reversed. So yeah, we can iron that out in final planning. Thank you. Cool. I'll add that to the planning. Agenda for us. Perfect. All right. Kevin, you are out after today. You're out all of next week and then we'll do an async as we need in two weeks. Is that right? This is correct. So like, yeah. So next week I'm out the week after I'm out, I'm out until the 30th and then I'll be back Monday 5th of May, but I'll be in a pack. Time zone. So yeah. Cool. If we need to change the call time-wise we can. Okay. While you're in a pack. Yeah. Yeah. I have no idea how that's going to pan out with the time zone. But yeah, I guess we can, we can see otherwise we can always do async. Come to all the APAC meetings that happen in the early morning there and late afternoon. Yeah. In the States. Where are you going to be in a pack? I'm going to be in Thailand. Yeah. It'll be by late evenings ideally. Cause otherwise it's going to be like meetings at like three in the morning for you. Yeah. I don't think I'll be awake for that. No good. Like You know, when you get there. Alrighty. Well, I don't talk to you before then. Have a great trip. Thanks. Upon your return. Enjoy your holidays as well. Bye. Have a great time. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye.